docs: mention build-tools in the build instructions (#23909)
electron/electron: docs/development/build-instructions-gn.md

  * [Linux](build-instructions-linux.md#prerequisites)
  * [Windows](build-instructions-windows.md#prerequisites)

## Build Tools

> You may want to check [Electron Build Tools](https://github.com/electron/build-tools).
> 
> It provides an easy way to build Electron with different configurations and different build targets.
> 
> You can still follow the guidelines to build Electron from scratch.

Reviewer: Core folks, let me know if the suggested wording below isn't accurate.

```suggestion
[Electron's Build Tools](https://github.com/electron/build-tools) automate much of the setup for compiling Electron from source with different configurations and build targets. If you wish to set up the environment manually, the instructions are listed below.
```
